[exporter/prometheus] Document native histogram support (#47733)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/prometheusexporter/README.md

Given the example, metrics will be available at `https://1.2.3.4:1234/metrics`.

### Native Histograms

The exporter supports [Prometheus native histograms](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/native_histograms/). OpenTelemetry exponential histograms are automatically converted to the Prometheus native histogram format.

> To scrape native histograms, configure your Prometheus server to use protobuf content negotiation and to accept native histograms (see [Prometheus native histogram documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/feature_flags/#native-histograms)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scrape native histograms, configure your Prometheus server to use protobuf content negotiation and to accept native histograms (see [Prometheus native histogram documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/specs/native_histograms/#scrape-configuration)).
```

Native Histograms aren't behind a feature flag anymore; we shouldn't reference the feature flag docs.

> Note that this exporter does not currently support exemplars for native histograms.

Reviewer 2: Fyi, starting from [0.150.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.150.0), exemplars are supported (haven't tried).

> Note that exemplars are currently not supported for native histograms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that this exporter does not currently support exemplars for native histograms.
```
Just make it clear that this is a limitation of the exporter, not of native histograms in general

Given the example, metrics will be available at `https://1.2.3.4:1234/metrics`.

### Native Histograms

The exporter supports [Prometheus native histograms](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/native_histograms/). OpenTelemetry exponential histograms are automatically converted to the Prometheus native histogram format.

To use native histograms:

> 1. Set `enable_open_metrics: true` in the exporter configuration. Native histograms are only available through the OpenMetrics protobuf content negotiation format.

Reviewer 3: This doesn't sound correct. The prometheus protobuf format is not part of openmetrics (that has its own protobuf format which hasn't ever been implemented that I know of). It shouldn't require you to set enable_open_metrics
